Youngjun Park
ypark26@calpoly.edu | 707.708.1224  | linkedn.com/in/youngjun0720
EDUCATION
California Polytechnic State University, San Luis Obispo (Cal Poly)
Bachelor of Science Degree in Computer Science					     Expected June 2024
GPA: 3.475

Relevant Coursework: 
System Programming
Introduction to Computer Security
Cryptography Engineering
Introduction to Operating  System
Design and Analysis of Algorithm
Introduction to Computer Networks


SKILLS
Programming Languages
C(++)
Go
Python
Java
Bash


 Software Tools
 Vim
 Tmux
 Git
 Wireshark
 fzf
 
 
 
 
 PROGRAMMING PROJECTS					      
 cheat, Command line utility that provides user with extremely simple command manual (Bash)
 Created a Bash Script that prints the specific part of the file.
 Exported it in PATH and works as a simple lookup utility. 
 
 dt, Daily terminal, command line utility that automatically manages daily and weekly planner (Bash)
 It’s a shell script that automates the creation and deletion of daily planner files.
 Making personal frequent action automated. 
 
 dds,  Canvas Website due date scraper (Go)
 Canvas main page provides the summary of to do things.
 Write a web scraper program using the Colly open source library.
 Fast & Efficient specific information retrieval from the web.
 
	Schedule, Implementing Round-Robin Scheduler ( C )
	Programming using fundamental operating system concept : process and signal
	
	fm, Command line User Interface file manager  ( C )
	Ncurse programming, Compromise between GUI and CLI.
	Programming with interprocess communication
	Easily navigate through Unix’s file structure.
	 Currently developing to add features like mv, cp
	 
	 
	 WORK EXPERIENCE
	 As a communication/intelligence specialist, had various experience and knowledge of field communication			        
	 South Korea Army : 13th Special Mission Brigade(2013 - 2015)
	 Specialized in FM/AM communication between command post and operation team
		
		South Korea Army : 707th Special Mission Battalion(2015- 2017) 
		Specialized in directioning military aircraft engaged in close air support.
		)))))))))
